Source: Documentation Web Page
URL: https://docs.streamlit.io/

Extracted Text:
Streamlit documentation Documentation search Search rocket_launch Get started Installation add Fundamentals add First steps add code Develop Concepts add API reference add Tutorials add Quick reference add web_asset Deploy Concepts add Streamlit Community Cloud add Snowflake Other platforms add school Knowledge base FAQ Installing dependencies Deployment issues Streamlit documentation Streamlit is an open-source Python framework for data scientists and AI/ML engineers to deliver dynamic data apps with only a few lines of code. Build and deploy powerful data apps in minutes. Let&#x27;s get started! install_desktop Setup and installation Get set up to start working with Streamlit. dvr API reference Learn about our APIs, with actionable explanations of specific functions and features. grid_view App gallery Try out awesome apps created by our users, and curated from our forums or Twitter. How to use our docs rocket_launch Get started with Streamlit! Set up your development environment and learn the fundamental concepts, and start coding! description Develop your Streamlit app! Our API reference explains each Streamlit function with examples. Dive deep into all of our features with conceptual guides. Try out our step-by-step tutorials. cloud Deploy your Streamlit app! Streamlit Community Cloud our free platform for deploying and sharing Streamlit apps. Streamlit in Snowflake is an enterprise-class solution where you can house your data and apps in one, unified, global system. Explore all your options! school Knowledge base is a self-serve library of tips, tricks, and articles that answer your questions about creating and deploying Streamlit apps. What&#x27;s new integration_instructions ASGI entry point & Starlette support Streamlit supports an experimental ASGI entry point with Starlette for custom HTTP routes, middleware, and FastAPI integration. cached Session-scoped caching st.cache_data and st.cache_resource can now be scoped to a session for per-user caching. view_sidebar Configurable sidebar width Set the default width of the sidebar with st.set_page_config . security Access OIDC tokens Expose OIDC ID and access tokens in st.user.tokens for advanced auth workflows. ac_unit Caller&#x27;s rights connections Create session-scoped caller&#x27;s rights connections in Streamlit in Snowflake and Snowpark Container Services. edit Granular row editing Configure st.data_editor to allow only adding or only deleting rows. Latest blog posts View all updates Join the community Streamlit is more than just a way to make data apps, it&#x27;s also a community of creators that share their apps and ideas and help each other make their work better. Please come join us on the community forum. We love to hear your questions, ideas, and help you work through your bugs — stop by today! View forum Other Media GitHub View the Streamlit source code and issue tracker. YouTube Watch screencasts made by the Streamlit team and the community. Twitter Follow @streamlit on Twitter to keep up with the latest news. LinkedIn Follow @streamlit on the world&#x27;s largest professional network. Newsletter Sign up for communications from Streamlit. arrow_forward Next: Get started Home Contact Us Community © 2026 Snowflake Inc. forum Ask AI
